What's your trouble?
Actually, how old are you?
18 years old is a coincidence
As big as Jiangnan
How about your parents? Are they okay?
My parents are gone
Come to our Boji Pavilion to learn
You are a good seedling and cannot be buried in a place like this
What you said is true.
My sister is Grunny King
You're lucky to be appreciated by him
I heard that you will be superhuman
Can you teach me?
We are strict about super human rights
Unique Longchen
If you learn from him well
If you lie to you, you will be the next poor one.
But
He owed a lot of money when my mom was sick
I work every day now to pay him back
I'm afraid I don't have time to study with you.
Hey you child
My sister can see you
You haven't taken advantage of this opportunity
I'm sorry, Mr. Yang
I let you down, Liwen Li
I can see you like boxing
You can't because of this
Just give up on your own dreams
Humph
I think you are shortsighted
Mud can't hold up to the wall
No wonder he's still fighting black boxing here
What's wrong with black boxing?
What does it mean to give up your dream?
Do people like us have the right to dream?
Those of you who were born rich
Do you know the difficulties of us poor people?
We can survive in this world
I'm already doing my best
How much do you owe?
I'll pay it back for you.
1 million in this card will report to the International Pavilion tomorrow